Grandpa, where'd you get
that ugly mask?
This mask my father gave to me
on my Day of Names...
...and I will continue
this tradition with you.
- The "Day of Names"?
- We've already got names, Grandpa.
Ah, you may have family names,
but not ninja names.
- All right, Samuel!
- Sir!
From this day forward, until forever...
...you shall be known as "Rocky",
because you are strong, solid...
...and cool as granite rock.
Awesome, yeah!
Jeffrey, ah, you are fast and free...
...spirit of the young, wild horse.
You shall be known as "Colt"!
Colt?
That's cool.
What about me?
Can I be "Monster Destroyer"?
Or how about "Super Killer"?
- How about "Super Dork"?
- Shut up, spaz.
A little one...
...since your energy begins
and ends with your tummy...
...you shall be known as "Tum Tum"!
Tum Tum?
- I can't wait to show these to Dad.
- He'll hate 'em.
Grandpa, will our dad be home
tomorrow when we get back?
Well... he's a busy man...
...in a very troublesome job, Tum Tum.